Add Viewing the path of tainted data (#889)
returntocorp/semgrep-docs: src/components/procedure/_cloud-platform-display-tainted-data.mdx

:::info Prerequisite

> - Add rules that use taint mode to your [Rule board](https://semgrep.dev/orgs/-/board). See [Semgrep Registry](https://semgrep.dev/explore) for specific rules. 

Reviewer: I suggest mentioning p/default first because most users will have that already.

For example:
:::info Prerequisite
Not all Semgrep rules or rulesets make use of taint tracking. Ensure that you have a ruleset, such as `p/default`, that contains rules that use taint tracking. You can also add rules that use taint tracking from Semgrep Registry.
:::

Author: Thanks @s-santillan - for consistency, I combined your suggestion with something that we already had in docs - see https://github.com/returntocorp/semgrep-docs/pull/889/commits/6aae4230824b7f21dd8588496c405c03c560da69

:::

To view details of tainted data, follow these steps:

> 1. Log in to Semgrep Cloud Platform, and then click the **[Code](https://semgrep.dev/orgs/-/findings)** in the left panel to display the Findings page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Log in to Semgrep Cloud Platform, and then click the **[Code](https://semgrep.dev/orgs/-/findings)** in the left panel to view your findings.
```
